The majority of the conformance checks done by ScubaGoggles rely on [GWS Admin log events](https://support.google.com/a/answer/4579579?hl=en). If there is no log event corresponding to a SCuBA baseline policy, ScubaGoggles will indicate that the setting currently can not be checked on its HTML report output. In this situation, we recommend you manually review your GWS security configurations with the SCuBA security baselines. See [Limitations](/docs/usage/Limitations.md) for more details.

Additionally, some events will not be visible due to data retention time limits, as the admin logs are only retained for 6 months (see [Data retention and lag times](https://support.google.com/a/answer/7061566)). However, if you wish to generate a log event for testing ScubaGoggles' capabilities, follow the implementation instructions in the [SCuBA GWS baseline documents](https://github.com/cisagov/ScubaGoggles/tree/main/baselines) to change your GWS configuration settings. Toggling certain settings, off and on will be enough to generate a log event. Other settings will require implementing more substantive configuration changes.

<!-- Change this next paragraph to say that ScubaGoggles won't show results unless there's an event for the top-level OU -->
Many of the these controls can be scoped down to the organizational unit level. We recommend [creating a new organization unit](https://support.google.com/a/answer/182537?hl=en#:~:text=An%20organizational%20unit%20is%20simply,level%20(parent)%20organizational%20unit) and applying these controls just to that new organizational unit for testing. Rerun ScubaGoggles after you've saved your configuration changes to see if the policy requirement is met.